Fix and update code documentation in RTD (#287)
greco-project/pvcompare: docs/code.rst

    perosi.pvlib_smarts.SMARTSSpectra
    perosi.pvlib_smarts._smartsAll

.. _heat_pumps_chillers:

Heat pumps and chillers
-----------------------

Functions for implementing a sector-coupled system (electricity, heat) and for calculating the COPs/EERs of heat pumps and chillers.

.. autosummary::
    :toctree: temp/

    heat_pump_and_chiller.add_sector_coupling
    heat_pump_and_chiller.calculate_cops_and_eers

.. _thermal_storage:

Stratified thermal storage
--------------------------

> Functions for calculating specific parameters of a stratified thermal storage and for adding it to the energy system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions for calculating thermal losses of a stratified thermal storage and for adding it to the energy system.
```
